Earnings Management Quiz Answer

Question 1)
Which of the following are possible motives for managers to manipulate their earnings lower (I.e., make reported earnings less than unmanaged earnings)?(check all that apply)
The company is close to violating a debt covenant on its public bond issue because of low earnings
Government is investigating potential monopolistic practices by the company because of its high levels of profitability
Congress is planning a vote on extending tax credits to company’s industry due to its poor recent performance
Unmanaged earnings would fall below security analysts’ forecasts of earnings
A potential competitor is deciding whether to introduce new products to compete with the company’s product line and will do so only if it thinks the company is making huge profits


Question 2)
Which of the following actions would be examples of “real earnings management”? (check all that apply)
Reduce the expected percentage of this period’s sales that will be uncollectible
Cut spending on employee training this period
Capitalize a higher percentage of cash costs during this period (i.e., spend the same in cash costs, but capitalize more of them as an asset this period)
Reduce advertising spending in the current period
Delay a new R&D program to the next period


Question 3)
Below are two years of quarterly data for Norwegian Elkhound Ltd. What was Norwegian Elkhound’s YoY Change in Accounts Receivable for Q4 of This Year?




41.0%
34.8%
22.2%
4.6%
48.4%


Question 4)
Which of the following companies is the most likely suspect for managing earnings higher in Q4 of This Year?



HealthyDog Corp
ActiveLab Inc
Pugporium Co
Jack Russell Pty
Akita Ltd


Question 5)
Below are two years of quarterly data for Devo Whippet Corp. Calculate Devo Whippet’s Bookings for Q4 of This Year?



871.733
815.866
915.451
716.282
760.000

Question 6)
Which of the following actions would increase a company’s earnings during the period? (check all that apply)
Increase the amortization period for capitalized costs
Capitalize a greater percentage of cash costs
Capitalize a smaller percentage of cash costs
Decrease the amortization period for capitalized costs


Question 7)
Below are five years of data on Deferred Subscriber Acquisition Costs and Amortization of Deferred Subscriber Acquisition Costs for Finnish Lapphund Oyj. During which year did Finnish Lapphund make a big change to its amortization assumptions?



Year 5
Year 2
Year 4
Year 3
None of the years


Question 8)
Dalmatian Inc. had $50 of Net Income this year. It capitalized $530 in software development costs and recognized Amortization Expense for those costs of $180 during the year. Dalmatian’s tax rate is 40%. What would Dalmatian’s Net Income have been this year if it had expensed all software development costs immediately?

$140
($160)
$278
$400
($300)


Question 9)
Below is the Accounts Receivable line from the Balance Sheet of Corgi Feldman Inc. Estimate how much Corgi Feldman reduced its expenses in Year 2 by reducing its estimated percentage of uncollectible accounts. (Hint: See the Dogamer case for an example of this calculation)




12.0
3.4
9.0
12.4
3.0


Question 10)
Which of the following assets are subject to write-downs under the “lower-of-cost-or-market” accounting principle? (check all that apply)
Inventory
Cash
Goodwill
Buildings
Accounts Receivable
