Big Data and Prediction Models Quiz Answer

Question 1)
Which of the following variables are included in the Modified Jones model? (check all that apply)  
Cash dividends
 Accruals
 Kittens and puppies
 Cash Revenue Growth
EBITDA


Question 2)
Below is selected data for Swedish Vallhund AB.  Calculate discretionary accruals for Swedish Vallhund using this data.




0.460
 -0.060
 0.260
1000.160
0.100

Question 3)
Which of the following companies is the most likely suspect for managing earnings higher This Year?



 Both Spaniel Craig Co and Pinscher Brosnan Ltd
 None of the companies
Sean Collie Inc
 Pinscher Brosnan Ltd
 Spaniel Craig Co


Question 4)
Which of the following actions could affect a company’s amount of discretionary expenditures? (check all that apply)
 Change depreciation assumptions this period
 Increase sales growth during the current period
 Spend more on advertising than budgeted in the current period
 Delay a planned R&D program for the next period
 Increase the expected percentage of sales this period that will have future warranty claims


Question 5)
Below is selected data for Siberian Husky ZAO.  Calculate normal R&D for Siberian Husky using this data.




 0.060
1.710
-0.050
-0.039
0.030


Question 6)
Which of the following companies is the most likely suspect for managing earnings higher This Year to meet or beat an earnings target?




 Chihuahua Eccleston Co
David Terrier Ltd
Mutt Smith Corp
 Everyone except Tom Boxer Inc
Tom Boxer Inc


Question 7)
For which of the following ratios would an increase in the value of the ratio lead to an increase inthe Beneish M-score? (check all that apply)
 Sales Growth Index (SGI)
 Leverage Index (LVGI)
 SG&A Index (SGAI)
 Asset Quality Index (AQI)
 Total Accruals to Total Assets (TATA)


Question 8)
Which of the following companies are potential manipulators according to the Beneish M-Score? (check all that apply)



Growlithe Ltd
Lillipup Corp
Smeargle Pty
Arcanine Inc
Houndoom Co


Question 9)
Who first discovered Benford’s Law?  
Frank Benford
Dan Amiram
 Simon Newcomb
Ethan Rouen
Zahn Bozanic


Question 10)
Below is data from five companies’ financial statements.  Which of the following companies are potential manipulators according to Benford’s Law? (check all that apply) (Hint: get a calculator so you can do square roots!)



 Dachshund Green Inc
 Bulldog Grant Corp
Mi-Ki Tice Cie
 Lhasa Apso Frazier Co
 Briard Childress Ltd

