Ratio Analysis and Forecasting Quiz Answer

Question 1)
Which of the following ratios use de-levered net income? (check all that apply)  
 Return on Assets
 Financial Leverage  
Return on Sales 
 Return on Equity  
Asset Turnover


Question 2)
Which of the following companies has achieved its level of Return on Equity primarily through a business strategy of selling a high volume of goods at a low markup over cost?



Pooch Mart
Dog Shoe Warehouse
 Hound Smart
Dog Nation
Paw Locker


Question 3)
Paw Locker has the highest Return on Assets in its comparison group.  Which of the following could be a secret to its success? (check all that apply) (Hint: look carefully at the definition of ROA to find only the items that will affect the ratio)



 Uses more equity financing than Dog Nation
 Able to charge a higher price than Pooch Mart
 Holds lower inventory levels than Dog Shoe Warehouse
 Uses less debt financing than Hound Smart 
 Pays less interest expense than Pooch Mart 



Question 4)
Which of the following companies has the lowest Return on Assets?




Paw Locker
Lassie Corp
Advanced Puppy
Dogtail Holdings
 Dog Shoe Warehouse




Question 5)
HoneyDog decides to offer price discounts to customers who pay what they owe the company within 20 days. HoneyDog makes no other changes (e.g., it sells the same volume of goods).  Which of the following ratios would be affected by this decision? (check all that apply)
Days payable
Effective tax rate
 Days inventory    
 Gross margin
 Days receivable


Question 6)
Which of the following companies has a strategy of high spending on advertising expense in order to build a strong brand name and charge a higher price for its product?




Dogtail Holdings
Lassie Corp
Paw Locker
Dog Shoe Warehouse
 Advanced Puppy


Question 7)
Which of the following companies offers its own credit card?



MuttMax
Rex Retail
BowWow Center
Trans Pup
 Dogstrom



Question 8)
Which company has the strongest short-term liquidity position?    



Destination Kennel
Ren Inc.
 Bow-Wow Stores
Spartan Dog
Dog Orange Group


Question 9)
Which of the following causes the “sawtooth” effect in pro forma financial statements? 
 Forecasting Total Assets using the Total Asset Turnover Ratio    
 High forecasted growth in total assets
 Forecasting Cash Flows using the Cash Coverage Ratio
 Forecasting Sales using historical trends
 High forecasted growth in sales


Question 10)
McDognals has sales of $100 million this year and a gross margin of 30%. Next year, sales are forecasted to grow 10% and the gross margin is forecasted to remain at 30%. What is McDognals’ forecasted Cost of Goods Sold for next year?
$70 million
 $77 million
$30 million 
$33 million
$3 million
$7 million
